i bought every single car at a car
dealership can we afford this i really
don't know that's reassuring
so we talked over the phone the
paperwork took forever so these are the
12 cars i just bought them and now that
i've spent over a hundred thousand
dollars on cars i need to reprice them
because they were way too expensive this
car is three dollars seven dollars two
dollars this car we pay you a thousand
dollars to buy and this car is four
dollars and 20 cents do not get it
confused that's a great price this car
is 69 this car is going to my stepdad
10.99 not 99 this car is nine dollars
that's expensive this car is free and
this is one of the most expensive bad
boys on the lot it is twelve dollars
this is a nice car so yeah we own all
these cars and now we're giving them
away
100 credit approved so we now have a car
lot full of cars i want them all gone
before the end of the day so man the
phone man the floor and the phone man
the floor i'll man the floor you're
going to handle all the paperwork you're
on chandler's support all right guys our
car dealership is officially open this
is the first ever mr beast dealership as
mentioned the most expensive car in the
lot is 13 we are ready to start
accepting customers let's do it
buy my cars
ah there's a spider we have a sale yes
we have our first customers how y'all
doing
my name's chris what brings y'all in
today i mean i got a big family so i was
trying to look for a truck we've got a
nice traverse right here third row
seating you fit the whole family in
there you want another price on that one
yeah let's look at the window three
dollars that's the price on that one no
way come on three dollars three dollars
everything before you commit to this you
want to show them the other cars yeah
let's just take a look at the other cars
69 cents it'll go anywhere
you want to do a test drive with this
one i'm gonna take the three we'll take
the three dollars
it is a little pricey this is you know
on the higher end of the lot three
dollars how do you like it i love it do
you think you want it
yeah all right well let's go do the
paperwork chandler we ran the 33 off
sale so it's now two dollars just you're
aware so we're gonna just give you this
piece of paper i need you to fill it out
do you know what that paperwork is for
no good why is the second page of work
what kind of dealership are you running
very important go away i'll handle this
i did it i made a sale yeah y'all have a
great one enjoy the new car and there we
go bye
chris that was your first sale i did it
my mom's gonna be proud of me
a new customer is approaching let's do
it together friendship hey how are you
doing today i just need something for my
son he'll love this nissan it's bad do
you like the interior what's your name
hi my name is oh thank you wendy
professional vlogger she is so wendy how
do you like it okay so far what do you
think it's worth i would probably say 10
12 000. we like the number 12 but not 12
000. how about 12 can you do that huh 12
is that fine okay is it gonna blow up no
deal i actually i feel bad for marking
your up how about ten dollars is that
fine okay you drive a hard park at nine
we'll do nine play with you hold on we
should have a meeting we need to have a
meeting she's a good bargainer let's
start off with eight i'm willing to go
down to six anything lower we walk away
okay we'll do five dollars yeah five
dollars
today take it or leave it cash that's
this floor no lower i'm sorry i'll give
you a hundred dollars just take the car
you're gonna give me a hundred dollars
just take this car
bike oh
hey i'm sitting in this car with three
guys with these beast shirts on well
they want me to take this car and
they're gonna give me a hundred dollars
to take this car you want the car yeah
all right fine we'll give you a hundred
dollars as well geez these guys
[Music]
my throat is starting to get outside
it's the sweat i'm not crying it's the
sweat so 500
we give you plus the car
let's go sign some paperwork we sold a
car
um overwhelm shot
list congratulations thank you
group huddle that was amazing perfect
that made me feel good let's do that
again don't just shout out we've got a
new customer we got a new customer we
got a new customer
okay
how are you doing i am jake alexis this
is our co-salesman uh chris i'm the
owner hi i own this place i like the
rubik's cubes too thank you are you
interested in a new car i am i need
something that has a third row i have
four kids and they have really wow
everyone has four kids my birthday is
september 1st so it's coming soon oh
happy early birthday free car
before you make decisions i need it ran
through me okay all right this is a very
expensive video i spent over a hundred
thousand dollars free car i'm also
paying lots of people it's your birthday
a week so now you and it's just like
i've been spending a lot recently on
video so i need you to okay happy
birthday you get a free car is this the
one you want this is the one she wants
that was easy test shot drive test run
test drive this is our first day running
a dealership how's the service you guys
are awesome we did it jake we did it and
we didn't cost us 500 this time it did
not it cost jimmy yeah yeah
see man
how do you like it so far
as well i actually feel really
comfortable i like to see
this is good the check engine lights on
boys we said it was free we didn't think
it was perfect
to be fair i just bought all these cars
today and i've never ran a dealership i
don't know what i'm doing we are back at
the beast dealership let's go inside
inside some paperwork so apparently
jimmy tells me the check engine lights
off let's crank her up and take a look
yep so it says check engine
there is an engine in there
i checked the engine it is in fact in
there oh okay here you go man the engine
is in the car i don't know what the
light was on about it's not missing okay
you're the proud owner of a new car
that was easy i'm gonna file this right
here
there's three people walking up right
now and as you know we're mr b so we're
going to be doing a last sleep challenge
because why not all right hey how's it
going you guys see this car we want to
do a challenge last one to leave keeps
it do you guys want to compete we'll
give you whatever you need i don't care
have you guys seen our channel before
just to you yeah have you i have your
instagram you guys are free to leave
whenever you want the last one to leave
the keys to the car i stayed in one for
three days one time don't say it i'm not
joking oh my god we have new customers
approaching have fun you guys got this
so we got the lexus right here
it's nice you know how much this car is
worth no i don't jimmy you want to help
me mr financial officer i'm gonna go get
chandler chandler are you throwing up
oh
i tried to get chandler for backup but
he was puking gotcha muscle was watching
morgs video i i have nothing to do with
this oh my god i'm going to england
morgz come on 1v1 be boxing match let's
go all right this car two
it's two dollars right now two dollars
okay you drive a hard drive it's now one
dollar one dollar one stop fifty cents
fifty fifty cents chris that's as low as
we can go all right fifty cents as low
as i can go finance said yeah i'm gonna
go run it by your accountant if he's
done throwing up i'll be right back
chris just did a 75
are you okay i don't know is 75 off okay
on one of the cards will that bankrupt
the company uh probably okay good thank
you 50 cents you got two quarters yeah
no i don't have 240 but didn't your
daddy ever tell you to keep changing on
you at all times you never know where
you might be for real though yeah like
seriously for real 50 cent 50 unless you
don't like this car we can go for
another car
chandler's going home he's sick okay bye
chandler
dude it's all these low prices we're
giving they're making them sick we're
out of an accountant our other salesman
is out doing a challenge we're losing
employees like flies i need you to clear
this la pronto make it free
what you can keep the 50 cents i gave
you let me know hold on for real come on
stop playing y'all saying
let's go do paperwork come see our new
account how's the second page looking
it's a crossword puzzle
marcus that's my 50 cents i'll take that
back okay yeah you can take the card
cheers y'all come on now
y'all i'm gonna be pranking when i get
outside no y'all stop
what's going through your mind i don't i
don't know
i don't know what to say they don't make
me cry did you know you were getting
anything today at all no you were just
buying a car yeah well you got a 100
deal
100 off deal well congratulations man
another satisfied customer by yours
truly
back in the car
i don't know how the radio is
as you guys know i have a brother he
actually recently started a channel
called mr bro well it turns out he has
two editors and they both don't have a
car what i'm gonna do is i'm gonna call
him and have him come get a car that he
can let his editor share so they can
come to work to edit
hey cj so like i told you we uh bought
all the cars at a dealership and uh i
remembered your editors need a car so uh
you want to come grab one to give them
okay so you gotta pick whichever car you
want nine dollars no that's nine
thousand dollars
you've got some target receipts think of
my wallet man beautiful i have a free
haircut does that come with anything all
right so let's pick out a car because
you're my own blood
i will give you this for a dollar this
one yeah
jimmy i don't need a dollar okay it's
free geez i have no money okay get in
here and do paperwork chris chris can
you be nice to my brother get in here
please and do paperwork thank you all
right marcus this is my own blood so
take care of him okay um can you sign
your name here shake on it here's a
little sweetie but i'm not used to just
spending this much money on a car
i'm chris nice to meet you some more
shamar so this is the one that caught
your eye first yeah i actually caught my
girlfriend now i'm trying to surprise
her you're a surpriser with alexis have
you heard about our special we got going
on right here no see that number that's
the price ten dollars
ten dollars this is your lexus if you
give me ten dollars twenty is that a is
that a tip
yeah all right
this is my kind of man right here let's
go inside let's get the paperwork done
come on man
no group if he promised to take his girl
on a date pay for it and then surprise
her with the car at the end he can have
it for free okay can't beat love are you
doing it tonight yeah hey if i get it
the night i will well as long as you're
giving it to her come on man it's free
are you serious yeah i'm serious
come on good car for free
man oh my goodness how are you feeling
right now i'm blessed and i know my
girlfriend is gonna love it she might
propose to me
enjoy the brand new car
we are going to provide epic content for
this video
oh my god
oh this is about to be your crane
i'm a little person so it
wasn't as bad as it could have been how
things going in here chris we got
another customer all right we will be
right back sorry we can't be slacking on
the job very important hey welcome to
the dealership which car are you
interested in we only have a few left on
the lot if you get this car we give you
a thousand dollars oh wow do you feel
like that's a fair deal
that's awesome deal okay do you want to
haggle a little bit chris all right
we'll give you the car for free and
eleven hundred dollars
wait a minute
i'm thinking we pulled a double whammy
all right we hit her with an 11.50 and
then when she shuts that down we go with
the 1500 and seal the deal after
disgusting we got a new offer okay okay
okay we give you 11.50 in a car
1500 take it or leave it there it is all
right all right there we go
i told you the double whammy always
works um
going the wrong way
congratulations oh god does that car
have a full tank of gas add another
fifty dollars
this is so
unbelievable
how does it feel
it feels like it's mine you just got a
new car for free girl
free with 1500 and a full tank of gas
do you remember we bought a car with
pennies i do that was a long time ago
man i wish i had a new car i got a new
car do you still like that car i do yeah
you need another car no no do it yes
chris we have another customer we will
be right back this gentleman right here
will help you
nice to meet you cheyenne how about this
car that's pretty nice see that price
just forget about it does this fit your
budget
yeah okay you want to sign some
paperwork uh yeah zero dollars free it's
been a long day all right i don't want
to get ripped off
i think we we hit her with the 300 i
look forward to our business burning
together okay 300 dollars take it or
leave it but you're giving me 300 yes to
drive it up make
can you sign it right here but it has to
be an aerial font
so
can you give me an example
i'm not exactly sure myself we're good
we're good
congratulations you got a free card it's
really unreal i'm still kind of trying
to get out of the shock of getting some
of my pepper free well congratulations
thank you oh my god
all right sorry for that i got you
dropped
this is true
oh god my mom is going to kill me if you
get hurt we didn't even talk about the
price that's okay you can just drive it
away
so here's the deal we put him in the car
and told them last sleeve keeps it we
didn't see which car so what we did was
we pulled two cars up beside the middle
car
boom bada-bang
dang technically they get another car
and they'll be the last to leave that
other car so everyone wins a car we
don't want to have any losers here so
we're just going to give you all the car
your new car is that one you can have it
really yeah go ahead
no you can get out of the car that one's
your car well also your car is right
there you can go get in it too
we have a word with my people why can't
people just take our good fortune please
do it do it she's getting out she see
god yes yes
she's
because we want you to get this car
please
oh she stepped out yeah all right now
get in your car yay
won it all right congratulations you can
drive off with your brand new car enjoy
this is your car i mean i don't care how
you get in it i just want you to know
this is your car that means you lost so
we keep this one you keep my car just oh
confidence she said my car oh all right
well yep you're right this is actually
yours
don't enjoy it but you really thought
you were going to lose the car
i got a car how does that make y'all
feel safe
you can't believe it yeah
congratulations
and there you have it we sold all the
cars on the lot i need pay i worked all
day here's a little bit packing lit
sweet this video is very special to me
and we impacted a lot of lives today and
i really want to continue doing stuff
like this which is why i need you guys
to buy merch from shopmreast.com
literally every dollar we make off this
merch goes right back into the videos i
want to open a homeless shelter plant a
lot of trees just do a lot of good
things but it's very expensive basically
i can't make an impact without your help
we need you to buy merch yeah and to
make it easier on you we dropped a lot
of new designs like this one look at
that sleeve i love this one and come
here chandler oh this one's just simple
it goes with anything and obviously this
hoodie
i love it and this isn't just cheap crap
it's actually very high quality wouldn't
you say yeah my nips are soft i really
want to make an impact i can't without
you it's comfortable and all the money
goes to doing good shop mrbeast.com it'd
mean the world to me if you bought
something thank you
[Music]
mr b6 000 yeah you know his name he
changed it once or twice but i think
it's here to stay